Add beta.1 known issues (#4570)
truenas/documentation: content/GettingStarted/VersionNotes.md

  Ticket creation is not affected. To manually attach a debug file, generate one from **System > General Settings > Support > Save Debug** and upload it using the Private File Upload link automatically added as a comment on the created Jira ticket.
  Resolved in 26-BETA.2.

* **Containers** (LXC) created in earlier TrueNAS versions can fail to start after upgrading to 26-BETA.1, with an error indicating the init executable cannot be found ([NAS-140691](https://ixsystems.atlassian.net/browse/NAS-140691)).
  The upgrade migration script does not properly mount container ZFS datasets, leaving the container filesystem intact but inaccessible.

>   As a workaround, open the TrueNAS shell and run `zfs inherit canmount <pool>/.truenas_containers/containers/<container_name>` followed by `zfs mount <pool>/.truenas_containers/containers/<container_name>`. The first command may return a `'canmount' property cannot be inherited` error that can be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As a workaround, open the TrueNAS shell and run `zfs set canmount=on <pool>/.truenas_containers/containers/<container_name>` followed by `zfs mount <pool>/.truenas_containers/containers/<container_name>`.
```
